feat: Add display names to public React contexts (#2428)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/olive-zebras-pump.md

> ---
> '@emotion/react': minor
> ---
> 
> Add display names to public React contexts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@emotion/react': patch
---

Added display names to public React contexts in development builds. This helps to recognize them in React Developer Tools.
```
